# 3. Treffen Taskforce SSI Interop Matrix – 25.11.2021
Contributors:
Kai Wagner (Jolocom)
Andreas Freitag (Jolocom)
Eugeniu Rusu (Jolocom)
Hakan Yildiz (TU Berlin)
## ToDo

>  – Add Sebastian Dechant from Evan to the smal group of active interopers
> – Plan meeting structure for phase 2
> – Continue with the preparation for test harness 
> – Resolve further open points (see bottom of page)
> – 


## Agenda

### - Overview what happend (Hakan) **10min**
### - Phase 1 (**50min**)
1. Was wollen wir verabschieden
    1.  Interop Profil Phase 1  Spezifikationen (based on the spreadsheet and slides). Explanation what is Phase I and Phase II **10min**
    2. Tests Suites die verwendet werden sollen (aries test harness; W3C test environment,...) -> Can we create an overview, what is tested where? **10min**

Dodument from Eugeniu on Testsuites https://hackmd.io/eX1GhjmEQzKzeY1ONJ1h-Q


    4. Who will adopt the Test Suits? **10min**
6. How we come to a decision about the interop profil 1 **5min**
4. Wann wollen wir Phase 1 testen? **5min**
    Target 01.06.2022
5. Testcase Prep Q1/2022? **10min**


### - Phase 2 (was not discussed)
1. Zusammenarbeit – Wie wollen wir Phase 2 definieren? **10min**
2. Inhalt – Was soll in Phase 2 enthalten sein? **10min**
3. Darüber hinaus – Gibt es eine Phase 3 etc.?


## Other important points


### 1. Brief did:keri update
We will start work on updating the [`did:keri`](https://identity.foundation/keri/did_methods/) DID method spec as part of the "Identifiers and Discovery" working group. A brief outline of what we plan to start with can be [found here](https://hackmd.io/@RYgJMHAGSlaLMaQzwYjvsQ/ByAYibtdF).

### 2. DIDComm v2
The general topic of DIDComm V2 compatibility, e.g. on basis of:
- [Issue credentials v3](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/waci-presentation-exchange/tree/main/issue_credential)
- [Present proof v3](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/waci-presentation-exchange/tree/main/present_proof)

Mostly message structure changes (e.g. attachments and decorators are included differently).

In practice a simillar treatment is required for most other RFCs defined in RFC 302 (AIP v2).
- [ ] We will (from the Jolocom Side) work on migrating a number of RFCs to DIDComm V2 message structures. Starting with Aries RFC 0023, 0453

### 3. BbsBlsSignatures
- We need to be more specific with regards to the supported signature suite (e.g. do we aim for privacy preserving holder binding as intended by [BbsBlsBoundSignature2020](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/ldp-bbs2020/#the-bbs-bound-signature-suite-2020))
- [To think about in the longer run] What are the security properties / implications of such privacy preserving binding mechanisms?
    - BLS Key management for holders (i.e. usage of multiple keys depending on context, privacy perserving usage across personas). Policies wrgt. including such keys in DID Documents or not, etc.
    - E.g. when using such credentials in combination with regular JSON-LD Verifiable Credentials.
    - Risks wrgt. credential theft, or people selling credentials.


