# Interop Meeting Minutes 17.01.2021

### Participants
Kai Wagner
Eugeniu Rusu
Andreas Freitag
Hakan Yildiz

### Discussion Points
* eIDAS developments led to reconsideration on the IDunion side that shifted attention to ARIES and INDY work and paused the broader interop work. â€“ particular issue is signature support
* Test Harness: Creation of tests is at this point limited
* Potential DIF Alignment 1) WACI-PEX: https://identity.foundation/waci-presentation-exchange/
* Potential DIF Alignment 2) Secure Wallet WG: https://identity.foundation/working-groups/wallet-security.html
* Discussion about the Strategic Topics

![](https://i.imgur.com/09zki9O.png)

* Following eIDAS Toolbox discussion will be crucial in the choice of credential and signature types for IDunion.



### Action Items
* The Interop Meeting on 27.01.2022 will be postponed (Kai will inform SIDIFO)
* Contact Fraziska Granc regarding the collection of use-cases (@Hakan)
* Cleaning up the interop matrix (v3): https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1R0Y4ec1KVYErkcEgC3Qww7VR4CsCY2Lv2Bt-gfryEdw/edit#gid=1158058564 (will be done on 25th with Eugeniu and Hakan)
